well utrechka face
aulii you in the course of his house so that no
the pirate on the bed forgot his watch
and of course
Isaac features exactly the same language died yesterday
need to look for some information about
this will first need to go
daewoo can tell us more easily
then you can push all
scout some information
action movies
olya dave dave your mother did you hear at all
what happened no well i'll tell you
you know
Isaac died this horror is so simple
nowhere you already understand what is there
obviously something is happening yah
of course of course, what else was worth those
beasts expect only you
your ass to save you go to hell dave
dave is no longer help to do
then this can go to that place
I find Isaac's body while it is in Stop
morgue
And in the morgue, I will obviously glow some
suspicions of wacky glass dash
hate shit well that's kind of come to
hospital
need to think of something they will say that I am with him
work can and will believe
need to see brother people people
Hello, cool down what you like me
need to hit your morgue i understand
familiar i ziko johnson i am from work
friends in general, we are the last
time communicated a lot and this became me
sorry i want to go and see the body
for at the same time ours tell you i hope with
nothing terrible happened to him that
what's the matter up is forbidden to enter without
passports and no relatives
actually i have a passport listen
guy can be this money at home and you
miss me seriously take me
there is no no what 's up
please guy i 'm sorry but i can't
what a horror okay hell everything went all
I lost no more hope
no was brother no brother were friends no
friends had a job and and no end to everything
end
and I’m looking for gangsters to dig and
surely anyone else well and such
we do business and I ca n't even at the funeral
Isaac to visit and for what everything is important with
so simple things started like
how kind of trying to make money
to earn
illegal yes but what to do is
our fate
well i think it's time to end
it's time to retire and never again
don't do such things stupid
fishing rod and sees and home to drink it no so
stop here is the letter so while 1
brother i'm alive i'm fine my
death built hooray isaek make up elsa
so what's next what's next
thugs me more stupid habit
guy you no longer bother me, I
I can live in peace and you will meet too
today on 5 boulevard is super easy
chic he solved our problems like
well it was always cool to have a senior
brother so what's there for the second letter so
so so the letter of trikini jones
well dear shadows johns we charge
your fine in the amount of one and a half thousand
dollars for what you destroyed in
telephone booth and gas rk your mother
hate our state hate
how much can I just say
damn booth and district go taxes
who don't cry wacky glasses and on
I see stupid shelves shit